Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
It's too ordinary.
Just enough clouds, just enough sunlight
and just enough tears.
If it rained right now,
I'd feel like the lead of a tragic love.
But there's no way that will happen.
Because I've never been
a lead in this world.
I'm merely one of 50 million citizens.
I'm one of 8 million workers.
I'm one of 700 employees.
I'm one of 1.6 million
constipation sufferers.
I went to a so-so college,
and gained so-so experience.
I'm an average woman
who lives off a so-so wage.
I'm a typical extra
of the Republic of Korea.
It's so hot. I'm so hot. It's so hot.
Goodness.
- Mom.
- What?
- Am I your biological daughter?
- I know, right?
Is Dad really my biological dad?
I'm sad about that too.
Is there any possibility that I'm
a hidden daughter of a rich family?
How nice would that be?
I don't have any secrets
behind my birth either.
How can my one
and only life be so ordinary?
- Good morning.
- You're here?
Have some eggs.
Look at this bastard.
How can my relationship
be so average too?
100 days since we met.
200 days since we met.
- 300 days.
- I said I'll type the documents.
Hey, I'll call you back.
Yeah, I'll call you later. Yeah.
Three years since we met.
I'm here. I'm here, okay?
Let's go eat some
Korean sausage rice soup.
Look at this bastard.
Don't you know I don't eat the sausages?
But I like the sausages.
An ordinary love for an ordinary woman.
What is it this time?
Where are you going?
Do you have to poop?
Don't make a deal out of it. You'll end
up getting married, having children
arguing with your husband
and living according to
what you can afford.
An average life will bring us
the most happiness.
Do you think it's anything special?
Is that... the answer?
[Reject the Ordinary!]
[Accept the Ordinary!]
Is there an answer at all?
I entered a small company,
got married, and had children.
I lied to my dad about
coming here, so here I am.
- Did you lie to your father?
- Yes.
I can't find an answer.
I'm sick of this.
There's no longer
anything special in my life.
There's nothing
that makes my heart pound.
It's so boring.
It... was boring...
I'm going to propose to you
when you get back from your vacation.
I'm going to ask you out.
I wish it would rain.
How... should I say it?
[Just like a French film.]
Go back home.
Let's go home, Big Sis.
You don't deserve to cry. Let's go home.
I'll go home. I will.
- Let's go to the airport.
- I'm working right now.
I abandoned my work to come here.
- I'll go when the time is right.
- Yeah right.
- I'll scold you.
- Do it.
Soo Soo, I'm working right now!
- Let's go the airport!
- Listen to me!
Let's talk here.
Wait!
Don't do this. Let go, okay?
- Let's go to the airport.
- Soo Soo! Soo Soo!
- Soo Soo!
- Don't let him boss you around.
You're acting like a fool.
You can't hit people like that!
Soo Soo, look at me. Can you hear me?
Are you okay?
Are you okay? Get a hold of yourself.
Can you get up?
What the heck? Give it back!
What are you filming?
Hey...
You changed your passcode again.
Why do you keep changing
your passcode? Unlock it.
You must be kidding me.
Hey, you're being suspicious.
- Who's that punk?
- A tourist.
He overreacted for a tourist.
Did you sleep with him?
- I'll scold you.
- As long as you didn't.
- Let's go home.
- I'm a guide.
How can I abandon my tourists?
Can't you abandon them
like you abandoned your family?
I'll go back myself. I just need
to finish one more semester.
I'll go back when I'm done.
Why? Is it because you were ditched
by the man you ran away with?
If you get a PhD,
will it be less embarrassing?
That's won't change anything.
You're just protecting your pride.
Am I not allowed to do that?
Can't I protect my pride?
What's the use?
What do you need that pride for?
Will someone praise you for your PhD?
Mom? Dad?
Or that bastard, Bae Hyung Goo?
- Don't mention that bastard.
- That son of a bitch...
I told you not to bring him up!
I mean it. Don't bring him up.
It's hot!
- Soo Soo.
- What?
- Have you been well?
- Of course not.
How are Mom and Dad?
It's hot.
You know Mom and Dad's tempers.
They did just fine after you left.
You should have sent her off
with more money!
Why did you leave the gold ring?
That girl has no money.
Geez, seriously...
She stole your card,
so she can withdraw cash from it.
Don't worry too much.
Hey, that's a Korean card,
so it can't be used abroad.
- Geez, seriously.
- You shouldn't be crying!
Take her off the family registry,
and burn all her belongings in her room!
- Doo Ri, report her to the police.
- Pardon?
Forget it. I'll do it.
Geez, stop it.
Hello? Is this the police?
- Mom!
- Her name is Yoon So So!
- Mom, stop!
- Hey, let go of me!
- Don't do this!
- Let go of me!
Hey, be careful! Hey, stop it!
- Your back! Hey, stop it!
- Gosh, what do I do?
- Get up!
- Give it to me!
- Hey, stop it!
- You woman!
- You can't report your daughter!
- Get out of my way!
Your room still looks the same.
Mom cleans it every day, too.
- Let go!
- Hey, stop it!
- Let go of it!
- Wow, seriously!
I raised you all your life!
How could you abandon us for a man?
I'm going to burn
everything down! I will...
Mom, you can't do that! This isn't right!
Stop it!
I'll shoot you!
I'll shoot you with a gun!
- Who are you going to shoot?
- Bang! Bang!
Bang!
Wow, this woman.
I'll shoot you!
You can't shoot anyone!
Mom and Dad believe you're
going to come back any time now.
They said the same thing
ever since you left.
They said you'll "be back tomorrow."
So you can go back now.
It's hot.
Let's go home, Big Sis.
I became pathetic.
The time I gave him.
The time he gave me.
The time we spent
holding on to each other.
Han So Ran!
Will a new path open when this one ends?
Hey, when will you stop this?
If this path ends, that is.
Hey!
It's another dead end.
I knew this would happen.
Everything will turn out for the best.
I'll get my investments,
and the business will succeed.
I walked all the way here,
but it's another dead end.
I know. I get it, so let's talk.
- Why are things so hard?
- Yeah, I know things are hard.
It's because you can't poop properly.
I can't poop properly because of you.
The thing is... I resigned from my job.
You did the right thing.
A lot of people want to hire you.
I'm... going to quit my job.
I didn't like that company.
The pay was low.
You have somewhere to go, right?
I do... but I should search
for more options.
- I quit my job.
- What?
I don't think I'm cut out
to work in a company.
I have a good idea,
so I'm going to start a business.
A senior of mine
will connect me to investors.
That's when I started being constipated.
He'll give me good news in three days.
I'll really succeed. I'm confident.
Yeah, I wish you the best.
Stop acting like this!
Let's stop getting angry
and hurting each other.
Why are you acting this way?
You need to tell me!
I told you.
We're holding on to each other
because we're afraid of breaking up!
You've... been acting weird
ever since we got to France.
I didn't ask you this question
for seven years.
- I didn't have to, either.
- Then, don't ask.
Is there another man?
I'm going to propose to you
when you get back from vacation.
I'm going to ask you out.
You already knew
I was going to ask you out.
Can you answer me?
Do you like someone else?
Is that... the only thought
that comes to your mind?
It might not be important to you,
but it is for me.
I felt sorry after I told you
we should break up.
I tried not to feel sorry,
but I couldn't help it.
But... I don't feel the need
to be sorry anymore.
Thanks for lifting
the weight off my shoulders.
We might have held on to each other all
this time to find a reason to break up.
It's like that between couples.
As soon as we want to break up
we start looking for a reason to end it.
Hey, it's me.
Where are you? Are you on the plane?
- No.
- Why not?
Because I'm on vacation.
I see.
I'm on vacation too. I'm at Montmartre.
I'm sad. I thought you'd be
surprised when I said that.
I'm not in France, but at
Naksan Park behind Daehangno.
Do you remember?
They say this is the Montmartre of Seoul.
You've never been to Montmartre.
Do you remember?
You liked places like this.
They say this is the Naples of Asia.
You've never been to Naples.
They say this is the Alps of Korea.
You haven't been to the Alps either.
Where is this place?
They say this is the Santorini of Busan.
But I'm not too sure
because I've never been there.
We've been to the Machu Picchu
of Korea, and the German Town too.
Hey.
Do you remember what I said earlier?
Erase it if you want, but...
you're going to have to
remember what you erased.
Do you remember what you erased?
[Would you like to delete this folder?]
[Deleting...]
[The file has been deleted.]
I knew it was over if you erased
that picture. But I think...
I wanted you to erase that picture.
Because then we could break up.
Without any lingering feelings.
That's cowardly.
If I asked you not to erase it,
would you have listened?
Don't get ahead of yourself.
I didn't delete the picture,
but the file inside.
That was our picture,
no matter what was inside.
What did you want so badly
that you erased our picture?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I couldn't be
the person you wanted me to be.
I cleaned your room.
I'll cook for you when you get back.
No, I'm not going back.
I'm hanging up.
Congratulations. You did a good job.
I knew this would happen.
I didn't know this would happen.
Han So Ran!
Yes, Team Leader.
We did it.
These all passed the first round.
- Really?
- How did you come up with this theme?
I simply expressed the desire
for bowel movements in design form.
"Restoration" is the keyword these days,
so I used some designs from the past.
You did a really good job.
Design the other water bottles this way.
- The extended designs too?
- Of course.
Let's try to pass
the final round too, okay?
Yes, I'll do my best.
Thank you for doing a good job.
Let's have dinner together.
- Are you eating dinner with him?
- I'm not sure.
- Did he mean a team dinner?
- I don't know.
But passing the theme stage isn't
something to be that happy over.
- It's only because you did it.
- Hey, no way.
If you don't want to eat just the two
of you, should I join you too?
Gosh, my stomach hurts. I need to poop.
You always talk about poop...
We passed the final round. Hurry back.
Let's eat dinner together.
[Thank you...]
It's hard to respond to this man.
You're going on a vacation?
Who are you going with?
Thank you, Team Leader. Work hard.
I feel suffocated.
I want to go somewhere far away.
I want to go so badly.
- Let's go.
- I'm not ready yet.
If I go, it's similar to if you abandoned
your students in the middle of class.
I can abandon them. Although,
I'm not even a teacher anymore.
There are no flights today, so let's
stay for the night and talk it out.
We can eat together,
and you need to apologize to him.
To whom? Sumimasen?
Who's Sumimasen? You need
to sincerely apologize to him.
You're talking about
the tourist who hit me.
I can't apologize.
Why do I have to apologize?
If I apologize,
will you go back to Korea?
Fine, I'll apologize.
But I can't compensate him.
- I was hurt too.
- You'd better be polite.
He's our customer.
- Where are you going?
- We should find him to apologize.
You'd better not run away!
Yes, Ma Ru. Where are you?
Me? I'm near the mountain.
- The castle?
- No, not the castle. The mountain.
There's no mountain here.
I see a mountain right here.
Are you on the island, by any chance?
I said it's a mountain.
Are you on the island
that looks like a mountain?
- Pardon?
- Are you there? I mean, the mountain?
I think that's the place.
You're driving me crazy.
Are you there right now?
Yes, can you see me?
Why did you go there?
Because the mountain is here.
I told you not to go there!
- When?
- Why didn't you listen to me?
Do you see the island? It's not
a mountain. It's an island.
You can walk there when the tide is low,
but there are sand pits everywhere.
If you go there without a guide,
you could die after falling into a pit.
There were people who died there,
so you mustn't go there by yourself.
Do you understand?
Yeah, I'm flying back tonight.
I told you not to go there!
You could die in the pits!
I didn't die, though.
You're driving me crazy!
- I'm sorry.
- Hurry back.
Never mind, I'll go there.
Don't go anywhere.
I'll go there,
so don't go anywhere, okay?
You can't go anywhere!
One coffee, please.
Yes, yes.
Damn it!
I'll go there. Don't go anywhere.
I'll go there, so don't go anywhere,
okay? You can't go anywhere!
One coffee, please.
Yes, yes.
Damn it!
He's driving me crazy.
You're dead.
[DF Ver] E06 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
Boss, it's me, Soo Soo.
Hey, didn't you leave for Korea yet?
Forget that, and give me
my sister's number.
Hey, in France, there is a strict law
against releasing personal information.
I just met her,
but I didn't get her number.
You met her? When? Where?
I met her here earlier!
You're lying to me, huh?
I know you didn't meet her.
It's true! You can check!
After you check, tell her to call me,
or give me her number, okay?
Hurry! Damn it!
[Guide So So]
Yes, So So.
- Where are you?
- I'm on the island.
Where on the island?
If you go straight
and turn right, I'm here.
You'd better not move.
San Ma Ru, I clearly told
everyone not to come here.
One moment.
- Yes, it's me.
- So So.
Is everything all right?
How could everything be all right?
I told you I didn't want this group!
There are countless problems, and I
have to resolve them! I didn't want this!
Don't call me! I'm hanging up!
I guess she's doing fine.
Geez, that girl.
- So So, calm down.
- How can I calm down?
Do you know how dangerous this place is?
I said you can't come here
without a professional guide!
If you get into an accident,
who should take the responsibility?
Do you want our business to be suspended?
- Will your business be suspended?
- Is that the problem here?
If you fall into a sand pit,
we won't be able find your body.
Why do you keep getting into trouble?
- I'm sorry.
- Hurry, we don't have time.
- Where are we going?
- Do you want to be trapped here?
Follow me!
Gosh, seriously! Hurry up!
The tide is coming in.
Wow, it's coming in so quickly.
Look over there.
Wow...
- What do you do when the tide comes in?
- Paddle.
That's right.
Hey, get out of the way.
This way! This is the place.
Hey, get out of way.
Come up here for a better view.
Wow, it looks just like
the beach on Jindo.
Mister.
You can't just push her out of the way.
- I did?
- Gosh, I'm sorry.
You can't just push
someone out of the way.
Can't you have some manners
within the group?
I didn't hit anyone!
You were like this last time too. Is it
mannerly to speak to an elder that way?
You made a mistake first!
I'm sorry. I'll apologize. I'm sorry.
Regardless of what I did,
you shouldn't look at an elder that way.
Stop it. We were the ones
who made a mistake.
You don't own any of this land!
You shouldn't treat another group
member like this in a foreign country!
You just need to apologize.
Why are you yelling?
Fine, if I really hit her,
I'll apologize!
- What?
- Big Sis, come here!
Did I hit you?
- Big Sis!
- Don't yell!
And don't call her Big Sis!
What are you dissatisfied about?
I really hate this package vacation.
I'm going crazy here.
It's okay.
Cheer up. The tide will go down soon.
This is my fault.
They said this is Heaven.
It really is.
You must be happy.
You're an island and land
at the same time.
It must be nice to be
the only one of its kind in this world.
You're lucky to be ordinary.
Stop the nonsense and get married.
Do you really want to send
your only daughter off to get married?
Then live a cool life instead.
How can I live a cool life?
If I knew that,
would I be living like this?
Mom, have you ever thought
of yourself as a cool woman before?
I did, twice.
- The first time...
- When you gave birth to me?
No, when I gave birth
to your older brother.
- Then was it the second time?
- No.
It was when I lost weight
and wore beautiful clothes.
- Try losing one inch in waist size.
- What about when you had me?
I was happy. I met
a life-long comrade that day.
If you're happy, it doesn't matter if you
look cool. If you like it, you're good.
But I don't know how this is
different from a manicure.
I don't know... the version
of myself that I'd like.
How can I... become happy and cool?
It looks really cool.
I had no idea scenery like this existed.
We have to stay here
until the tide goes down.
Yes, I know.
The tide will go down tomorrow morning.
- Pardon?
- We can leave tomorrow morning.
Then, do we have to
stay here all night...
Then they should have put up
signs telling us to stay out
or employed police officers.
This isn't how you
run a tourist attraction.
Don't you agree?
They weren't being very considerate.
Stop it. You're making me even angrier.
Okay.
Are there any accommodations here?
Does that make sense?
It doesn't.
Can you give me some space?
Yes.
Are there any bathrooms here?
Okay, let's eat.
- I need to take a picture.
- Yes, you should.
Here.
This is good. This is real food.
Yeah, it's good.
- Eat.
- Yes.
Hey, eat lots.
Are you hungry? Do you want to eat?
[World Pharmaceuticals]
Did you erase the file?
- Yes.
- Good job.
We'll begin the dismissal procedure now.
Pardon? You said if we found the file
you wouldn't take disciplinary action.
What's wrong with you?
How can we work with that punk?
- But still...
- But what?
What?
Is Ma Ru the God of Justice,
and are we Satan?
Deputy Oh.
Back in the day, English guys loaded
their boat with green tea from China.
It wasn't a trip that
lasted a day or two.
It all rotted on their way back home.
They had to throw them away,
but it was such a waste.
They opened it just to check,
but what do you know?
They were fine.
The rotten version was actually better.
It's known as black tea now.
Is green tea right, and black tea wrong?
That's not true.
This entire place is black tea.
You're black tea, and I'm black tea too.
There's no room for green tea here.
If Ma Ru gets fired,
he'll be on the black list
and won't be able to get a job.
Isn't that obvious?
That's the only way to keep
punks like Ma Ru out of this world.
It's cold, isn't it? Wait a minute.
I'll make a fire soon.
I did this a lot in the military.
I was in the special forces.
Don't worry. It's been a long time.
But I'll make a fire soon.
That's okay.
Don't cut up both your hands.
People who were in the special forces
can't even do anything right.
- I used to be good at it.
- That's okay.
I was in the Girl Scouts as a child.
Making a fire is a piece of cake.
Girl... Girl Scouts?
I'm sorry.
Girls.
That's okay. You must be cold too.
- I'm fine.
- Don't pretend. You'll get sick.
I said I was in the special forces.
I'm sorry for this.
Your husband must be waiting.
My husband? Who are you talking about?
The man who dragged you away earlier.
He's my little brother.
I guess your husband is younger than you.
No, he's my biological brother.
My one and only brother.
He's your brother?
That's a relief.
Why? Why are you relieved?
A violent husband, and an abused wife.
A strange, subordinate
relationship you can't escape.
That's what it seemed like.
But why is your brother so stubborn?
- He's so rude to his older sister.
- That's not true.
He's a gentle and kind kid.
If you speak Japanese, I'll kill you!
I don't know if he's gentle.
And I don't know if he's kind, either.
He may seem that way,
but if you look closely, he's different.
What made you want to
come all the way here?
Were you always so curious?
You must get into a lot of trouble.
That's not true.
I got in trouble once as a kid
but everyone does it.
What did you do?
If a dehumidifier and a humidifier
fought, which one would win?
- Things like that.
- Pardon?
What are you talking about?
One makes moisture,
and the other gets rid of it.
- Aren't you curious which would win?
- Not at all.
Why aren't you curious?
I was really curious.
I put it to the test.
You must be crazy. So, which one won?
My mom.
I told you to study,
but you only get into trouble.
Are you paying for electricity?
I'm sorry.
What are you sorry about?
You'd better get into college this time!
Do things right!
That hurts!
My mother always wins in our family.
I'm jealous.
I've never been hit by my mom before.
Really? Not even once?
What?
France? Marriage?
You must have lost your mind!
How... How much do you have to
be hit to get your act together?
- You little...
- Hey, stop it.
Hey, you need to be hit...
- Hit me! Hit me if you want!
- You little...
Let go! Let go!
- So So!
- What? Hit me!
I'm going to France!
It would have been nice
if she hit me that day.
So So, the biggest happiness
comes from finding a man
who will love you, and you only.
It's like a fantasy, isn't it?
That's why it doesn't exist
in real life. There are no men like that
and there's no love like that.
I'm still going to go.
I'm going to France!
I always won when I fought with my mom.
I've never lost before.
Why do you keep sticking to me?
We'll freeze to death at this rate.
Fine, but don't come any closer.
- What are you doing?
- Put down your spines.
That's how the hedgehogs froze to death.
Hedgehogs?
It was on a very cold day.
There was a group of hedgehogs, but if
they huddled together, they got stabbed
and if they dispersed,
they froze to death.
So they kept a reasonable
distance from one another.
A reasonably safe distance.
That's how they froze to death.
How nice would it be
to be able to talk all night long?
to have something to talk about
all night long?
Let's talk.
Okay, go ahead.
Hey, I told you I was
on the phone because of work.
I thought you'd understand.
I always understood.
No, you never have.
I don't want to answer
work-related calls in France, either.
But this is all for our future.
- This is so we can have a happy future.
- If you succeed
does that mean we'll be happy too?
Hey, Han So Ran.
I'm not doing this just for myself.
If you succeed, do you think
everything else will get better too?
- Is it wrong to succeed?
- That's not what I mean.
Then what do you mean?
Let's talk later.
- When?
- Just later.
Let's talk now. It's not
something we should put off.
I want to talk right now too. Not later.
Later, when I succeed,
let's get married in a beautiful place.
Later, I'll make a lot of money,
so we can live in a country house.
Later, when I get investments,
I'll buy you pretty clothes.
Let's go there later.
Later.
Later, when things get better... Later.
I'm sick of this.
Why aren't you saying anything?
You need to talk so I understand.
I don't want to talk,
but I want to listen.
The most important thing
is our time together right now.
I wanted to hear something like that
that would make me happy.
Not later, but now.
Fine, when I said you smelled,
and that you should poop, I was wrong.
I'm sorry, but you started it.
You said you smelled something
between that guy and the guide.
To be honest, I really hate it
when you talk about other people.
I got really annoyed.
Do you know why I only
talk about other people?
You were always like that.
Because you avoid conversations about us.
Because you always put off
conversations about us until later.
That's why the only thing
I could talk about was other people.
Did you see her makeup?
Her style was ridiculous. How tacky.
And isn't that man weird too?
Why would he come on
a package vacation all by himself?
Is he a pervert?
I'm sure she has depression.
But then again, if my husband
were uneducated, I'd be depressed too.
Hey, why do you only
talk about other people?
Can't we talk about us for once?
I wanted to talk about us too.
Hey, where are you going
in the middle of the night?
I thought you wanted to talk!
Later.
We were like that once.
Let's make a couple bank account.
- Who will manage it?
- Me, of course.
Of course.
Let's deposit 100,000 to 150,000 won
a month and go on yearly vacations
and use it for our dates.
"Dutch pay" makes us look distant.
Did you know "Dutch pay"
isn't a correct English expression?
Really? Then, what is it?
Dutch pay?
(In Japanese)
- It's hot.
- Am I wrong?
I'm sorry for getting mad
at you yesterday.
No, I'm sorry.
But when I act like that, comfort me.
Don't just leave like you did yesterday.
Okay, I won't do that again.
Even if I get mad at you,
smile for me, okay?
Okay.
Even if I tell you to get out of
my sight, don't leave me alone.
Okay.
No matter what happens, stay by my side.
Don't worry. I'll stay by your side.
Back then, everything
was special between us.
That's really... how we used to be.
I want to become a version
of myself that I like.
There's no longer
anything drastic in my life
and nothing makes my heart pound anymore.
But I won't be swayed
by anything or anyone.
You already knew
I was going to propose to you.
I'll be a good boyfriend to you.
I'll reject your proposal
when I get back.
Then I guess I'll do better
so you can't reject me.
Please don't do that.
I won't change my mind.
Don't be so sure
until your vacation is over.
I must find a version of myself
that I will like.
As if I'm in a French movie,
where they always find an answer.
Subtitles by DramaFever
- Hello!
- Did you see that?
- Yeah, I did.
- That means they slept together.
No one will know
that we spent the night together.
Celts lived in Saint Malo
since the 1700s.
If Mont Saint-Michel
is like an elegant goddess
the Cathedral of St. Vincent
is like a macho man.
I wonder when it started.
I wonder if it started a long time ago.
I wonder when this love started.
Let's go now.